This is a head gum original.
Thank you to diet smoke for sponsoring this episode of our show guys you know my problem
with cannabis edibles sometimes you get way too high it can really be difficult to control
the dose it out right there's nothing worse than being baked out of your mind when you
didn't plan on it and you know once you eat it there's no going back you just sit there
suffering stone out of your mind that's why when I need the perfect medium high I hit
up my friends at diet smoke for their delicious Delta 8 THC gummies diet smoke isn't
light it's just right so what exactly is Delta 8 well Delta 8 is simply a less potent
THC the THC you're probably most familiar with is Delta 9 and while both are natural
to the cannabis plant diet smoke extracts their Delta 8 from hemp some may call this
alupole I call it the secret recipe to getting a smooth stable and most importantly
legal high diet smoke is legal in most states and it's non-prescription just check
diet smoke's website to see if they ship their delicious gummies to your state now
you're probably asking yourself this diet smoke really gets you high of course the
high you get with diet smoke is best described is somewhere between the chillness of CBD
and that classic stone feeling you get with regular weed plus diet smoke comes in two
delicious flavors blue raspberry and watermelon guys america can't get enough for the
water melon I say try I'm both so when CBD isn't enough and traditional THC is too much
and joy the smooth buzz of diet smoke each gummy isn't fused with 10 milligrams of Delta
8 THC drive from american grown hemp and you know what they say by american get high with
american right Delta 8 gummies are low in sugar fat free and delicious and did I mention
their legal right go to diet smoke.com and use promo code what's that for 20% off your order
and as a special offer diet smoke's coupon code can be used on every single order again that's
diet smoke.com promo code what's that for 20% off every order diet smokes Delta 8 THC gummies
are not for use or sale to people under the age of 21 please use responsibly thanks diet smoke
welcome to the ad gumpod guess 99th episode so congratulations thank you yeah this is the final
episode so I thought that we could be nice to each other today oh my god I love that idea I love
that's really special and I want to say thank you for booking us on the 99th and not the 100th
I think that's really special do you guys get my email about the hundreds yes I don't know
you did okay I'm in a I'm in a new space with my email where I don't read a lot of them that's cool
yeah I'm just tired of it yeah in a nice way in a very nice way yeah yeah so
we're gonna put two compliments about both of you shall be I think that you are not only humble
okay Caleb I think you dress really well
and sorry no he likes that I think that your people skills are second to none
wow mine were humble and absolutely you're sorry you look good and people love to be around
it's a nice episode all right I'm using it to it I'm not used to this I'm gonna be yeah go
I'll go next shall be you are one of the funniest smartest and most oil people I've ever met in my life
and I love you and I know there will be friends until the day that we die together it's like 12
which is awesome and Jeff Jeff you are one of the easiest to get along with and also funniest
people I've ever met and I had a great time with you the day we went to the farmer's market
that was really nice day actually I was thinking about that like literally yes I love that my
friends went to the farmer's market and I never even heard about it we got matching hats I wore that
hat on Wednesday yeah that's awesome I mean I should have sent you a photo good time with the boy
we should have worn the hats today yeah we should have messed up shall be it was a random thing yeah
it wasn't a big thing Caleb called me nobody's ever done this by the way this is how I behave yeah
which I kind of got as you're doing it it didn't feel like it I was going yeah at 11
I got a call from Caleb being like what are you doing right now do you want to get lunch and I was like
no one's ever done this yeah yeah um and no one's ever invited you to land no one's ever
called me in the morning lunch to get lunch that day ever yeah so I was like let me do it
and it was a lot of fun time which combo which combo shout out ended up with the farmer's market
is he shout out shout out shout out to some very farmer's market shout out to trying to park
and silver lake on a Saturday or what day was Sunday I don't know today was hard because it's a Friday
and it's street sweeping street so they have a lot at the studio that you can use
well I knew there's two guests and then we have two producers so I wanted to give this
lots to other people because I'm trying to be nice it's nice episode it is not yeah it is nice to
do that that is nice yeah she'll be here turn yeah did we want to do more compliment in the
we'll go back to Jeff um Caleb and I do complement each other on the pod sometimes and so we have to
some of these we have do not keep mine better not be repeats they'll go ahead sorry yeah no worries
I actually want to no worries no genuinely no worries yeah it's not worries I mean it's the
no worries episode more than anything yeah Caleb is quite honestly one of the most talented
people I know and I think his work ethic has been like a big learning like a learning thing for me
to be around the nice episode David that's so sweet of you to say that's really sweet do you
want to give one for Jeff Jeff is honestly very charming
honestly you hate to give it to him because you even on the nice episode
extremely charming and I think most people that meet Jeff are like I like this guy
some people really don't like me I don't think that's true I don't think it's true there's some
people in the war in like our spheres who dislike me it's wrong I don't think they don't find
I don't think they know you I would also agree with that because actually yeah
friend of mine I think didn't like me because of in then now we're good friends
to know Jeff is to like Jeff yes insecurities biggest insecurities oh this is really good
and nobody did my cheers but oh Jeff is to love Jeff I fully didn't recognize like
none of what you just said registered with me you have that app from like 2008 with me like
oh my god or the I have the lighter I was at a concert like a month ago and somebody
congratulations thank you so much it meant a lot to me because music is well love and uh I
got a ton of music is so long somebody brought a tea candle to like
a cute thing yeah maybe they were limiting screen time that's cute they brought a tea candle
and rock with that they brought well tea candle they went up they said oh baby I love you way
and I crazy for thinking out well they had the little metal tenser on them usually
metal which is a conductor I think my biggest insecurity is my lack of spatial awareness
that's it yeah well it's like tied into like other stuff but I think that I there was I
invited somebody who had a big crush on my house last summer and I was like
what happened I was like she she had told me about uh one of her favorite cocktails and we
have like a lime tree in our front yard so I was like I can make you that cocktail like
with the lime and then like tried to pull a lime this is at a bonfire with like 10 people
I like pull the lime but it like takes too much time and too much force to get it off the tree
so that when I finally pops off I recoil and fall over a bench spilling her friends drink
it's the nice episode so I'm sorry that that happens to yeah biggest insecurity
well in lime with spatial awareness which is not my biggest insecurity it's maybe my least
but do you ever hug someone and accidentally step on their toes that's one of the worst
things to happen to me I hate that people don't do it to me I step on to like I'm the toast
upper yeah I'm mistake my biggest insecurity is most of them yeah you have the big ones yeah
yeah I got good good not gonna know people don't like being those kinds of things yeah
mine is probably that I give too much your biggest insecurity is that you are too generous I think
I'm like I'm like insecure I'm like oh am I giving too much because I'm always giving right and
is the fear that people would be like ah like it's a little too much well yeah just that I'm
I guess I fear pouring from an empty cup
I really feel so free on the nice episode because I know I can't be far
you know this is this is difficult you both already said things that I would have jumped
down your throat for no worries let's let's keep it going with our bonds of the week
Daniel Craig is out as 007 and so every week until the next James is cast we're going to cast our
vote oh I don't mind all right do I get to go now uh yeah or should we go go ahead
Daniel McBride
Daniel McBride would be an incredible bond I think of it
slick suits talking the way he talks how fun I think it would I think it's a great idea
yeah I think it's yeah thanks guys I think casting would love to have a conversation about that
I think so too I think it's also a conversation can go a lot of different ways but I think they would love to
have a conversation about it well why don't you guys say shall we? uh John Goodman
actually like a John Goodman bond good answer good answer it's time for a good man as bond yeah well
you know he went to the same college as me yeah Missouri State University go Bears
go Bears I feel like you don't shout out easy MMO
catamounts what did you say catamounts that's their thing what that's why I don't shout the
mouth um my bond of the week is angley I don't know who that is but
case you thoughts I mean I just know where it's going
you must not know angley you must not know angley he directed crouching tiger
hit and dragon he describes himself as a Taoist Buddha baby you must not know angley you must not
know angley he almost always works with James Sheamus so don't you ever for a second get to thinking
he works with Mark Ronson I was a really good song Jeff good job thank you
you're really good thank you for dabbing thank you dabbing it's been a minute since anyone's had
the bravery yeah let's talk about dating in LA oh fuck what's the talk of a town what are the
new spots it's the nice episode it's not the positive episode I will set what are the new spots
yeah where are you taking people and where are you what are people we're taking runs the
on date shall be on to hear this as people people um like honestly same rush runs you and I
go to little thumbs yeah Bacari I'm taking I'm taking people to if I if I like a guy and
that we're going on a first date and he likes seafood I was asked first because some people don't
yeah I'm taking him to water grill downtown water grill is great pick up the check you ever get the
lobster I get I get it all I get it all I get it all so good I'm getting I'm going I'm going order
whatever you want we should go to son of a gun in west Hollywood even there I have and it's delicious so good
I've got been yeah do you meet that's that's good and that's good yeah that's good well son of a gun
is great yeah where are you taking people on dates um is it a meat-only restaurant no it's actually a
seafood restaurant mostly do you fish we should get you into seafood at least I've never
what's he really wants to anything with you because I didn't know your dietary preferences well
shall be recently became gay right and so there are a lot of changes going on for her right now so
we might be able to get her into fish like sushi stuff like that soon because she's in an
open-minded place right now my mom's been rungerance and she was 14 and for her 60th birthday
crab legs queen damn damn yeah I like to do a you know create your own sort of experience
so picnic you know that's really kind of it you like to do picnic as a first date yeah
what's awesome I um yeah that's really creative and fun I think it's not for me probably because
I don't want to sit on the ground that's fair yeah you have to have a certain
you have to assume a flexibility of the partner and of your own to sit comfortably and
attractively on the floor um while back I went on a date um and today I made a picnic
and we ate it in my truck bed which again spatial awareness is bad getting in and out of a
truck bed to get singria is well it's not looking too good for old Jeff was there padding down there was
um there were blankets pillows did you guys hook up in the truck no you can be honest yeah
really no I just really wanted to be cool on the nice episode no I think Jeff the picnic for you
is a really good understanding of where we're in the straight man yeah
I think where we are culturally with straight men it calls for picnics yeah something
gentle and thoughtful you know it's needed do you guys love hard excuse me love hard
yeah I'm afraid I don't understand what's being asked do you love harder do you love week
oh we're talking about I can in the past how hard do you love do you love little bit or do you love a lot
I mean I don't date so people in your life people in my life oh I think I love hard don't you think yeah
that's what I was trying to guide you to yeah what about you Jeff um oh my boy has
commitment issues no I I love hard I thought I'm the whole time I thought you're
us and that's if we loved hard like hard was a restaurant or something or yeah hard doesn't
come out like not like you actively like hard is it now not an adjective yeah in terms of hard
do you love it yeah I mean it can be so powerful it's been coming context I think we're doing
well being nice to each other I'm feeling good about settled into it yeah I do you guys think they
like it no yeah yeah well I don't care what they want yeah this is about us in the room
when you can I was curious what you thought about what they thought here's can I say something to
the listeners yeah and can you just camera too um I'll probably do one because it's the one pointing
at me I should say if you guys aren't liking the nice episode I really want you to look in
word I want you to do some work around that because that's crazy this is really sweet and beautiful
three friends for if you can't casey but which is up to you yeah that the a couple of friends
be in good to each other man there's nothing like it yeah you don't get this anymore you don't see
this anymore everything's politics and bickering let's take a step back let's speak it nice again
hey anyway make America nice again keep in records let's talk about it that's podcast on
ice it is my one of my favorite podcasts we have to say that no I don't I don't have to say that
I know it's the nice episode but I just wouldn't have said anything okay we took down
your guys's decorations but at the light up moons pretty cool on you in casey geniuses yeah
it's been awesome to be back in the studio I'm realizing that some of our stuff is still up
right well I think that's fine I just am realizing it like the Voyager picture I think it's good
I think it's good too it's sort of a half and half between your guys' show and whatever this is
this is headgum and we're on headgum well Caleb asked me this this morning before she'll be
got here because she was late which is fine and I hold space for people yeah even though we did
push 15 minutes we pushed 15 minutes because of not me right right but in your head when you woke
up this morning but then I you gave me a little bit of extra time and this is the first time that
I've sort of felt that push and pull of wanting to be rude no no I think it was cool I thought it
was powerful even you did walk in a little bit like a rock star because of her sunglasses a little bit
yeah and you entered the building with a with a chuckle which is a good touch of the chuckle
Casey opened the door for you didn't say anything and all I hear is maybe my Shelby left and I mean
isn't a nice way but I was a little kid yeah I did walk in like that yeah you did
but a little cheer to the office yeah I always bring that all that cheer you right
you guys excited for arbor day that's the tree holiday yeah well it's a little bit more than that
is it yeah I'm not sure but no I'm genuinely is it I don't know much it's celebrating trees I think
keeping records is I think keeping records is a beautiful podcast you had a great episode on the
that was a lot of fun um you had a great one thanks it was a really good one I felt under
prepared for that episode hmm I think it what really well I think it did one the studio now
we're doing nice must like you we're doing nice yeah well you guys aren't I feel like I've seen
some clips and it's you're really at each other's third so this must be on keeping records yeah
Shelby and I on keeping records two and then you guys every Friday Shelby and I are giving
um we're giving sibling rivalry with sexual tension it's sexual tension look you're giving
sunny and share was sexual tension that is we're actually giving uh Dani Dani a Murray
sibling rivalry with sexual tension yeah uh Osmond by the way
are giving 7th heaven sibling right before the second heaven yeah didn't an actor on 7th heaven
I recently I felt one of them got kind of caught for doing something that's it that the
dad was doing kid stuff yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah hey to hear that from 7th heaven yeah what's
always those types though isn't it like a priest like danchnider no I guess that one's also not good
uh you know let's hit him with a major killer it's important to foster community and I feel
like that's something that you guys do well and something that I want to do a little bit more of it's
like finding different avenues of connection with others in terms of comedy in terms of
pure just on adulterated print friendship in terms of uh living near your friends so that you can
feel like you're part of a small town within a larger city because that's what Los Angeles is it's
what is it 50 suburbs yeah yeah basically pretty much what do you so what are you saying you want to move
the most complicated way of saying shopping uh curious now I'm just saying like figuring out like
Shelby and I have a show well it was last Monday um when this comes out that came up odd you're on
the show I will have been on the show and I will have killed yeah Caleb did so good yeah and
Jeff and I really tried no I don't know what I'm doing for me are you guys we have to talk about
the run-up show yeah are you guys doing the sketch together are you guys going to do individual
stand-up or both you guys saw and you guys loved what we did uh let's take a quick break okay let's take
a quick break um and we'll be right back after we thank some sponsors are you getting a lot of
ads right now thank you to policy genius for sponsoring this episode of our show guys life insurance
makes a huge difference alright if somebody relies on your financial support whether it's a child
an aging parent or even a business partner you need life insurance life insurance can give you
peace of mind that if anything happens to you your loved ones will have a financial cushion for rent
or mortgage payments loans education costs and everyday expenses having life insurance through your
job might not even be enough most people need up to 10 times the coverage to properly provide for
their families and typically life insurance gets more expensive as you age so it's smart to get a
policy sooner rather than later lock it in that's where policy genius comes in policy genius is your
one stop shop to find the insurance you need at the right price click the link in the episode
description or head to policy genius dot com slash what's that and answer a few questions
in minutes you can compare personalized quotes from top companies to find your lowest price
you could save 50% or more on life insurance by comparing quotes with policy genius the team of
licensed experts at policy genius are on hand through the entire process to help you understand your
options and make decisions with confidence the policy genius team works for you not the insurance
companies right so whether you're just starting to shop or have questions about your active policy
they're your independent advocates all right offering unbiased advice because they work for you again
not the insurance companies policy genius doesn't rely on extra fees they don't sell your info
third parties are a completely trustworthy and they have a thousands of five star reviews across
Google and trust pilot so head to policy genius dot com slash what's that to get your free
life insurance quotes and see how much you could save again that's policy genius dot com slash what's
that to get your free life insurance quotes and see how much you could save thanks policy genius
thank you to athletic greens for sponsoring this episode of our show guys I use athletic greens
I've read a right it is the one thing that I have in the morning after a cup of water let's say
I'll take my AG one athletic greens in a glass and it will energize me and give me that little extra
push for the for the start of the day again it benefits my energy it benefits my sleep quality
by the end of the day let me tell you I'm someone who definitely has a difficult time sleeping
and but since I've started taking this in like late January every day I've spent sleeping
like a newborn baby who took a benadrill right the taste is amazing it's like I like I truly do
think it tastes like bubble gum but that has no artificial anything in it so you don't have to worry
about that it's lifestyle friendly alright whether you eat keto paleo vegan dairy free or gluten free
it's all for you and with one delicious scoop of scoop of athletic greens you're absorbing 75
high quality vitamins minerals whole food source superfoods probiotics and adaptogens to help
start your day right alright it's a special blend of ingredients that supports your gut health
your nervous system your immune system your energy recovering focus in aging all the things
and it contains less than one gram of sugar no GMOs no nasty chemicals or artificial anything
while again still tasting good and it's the one thing with the best things athletic greens uses
the best of the best products based on the latest science with constant product iterations and third
party testing it also cost less than three dollars a day and you're investing in your health
and it's cheaper than a cold brew habit I have both obviously it's also cheaper than getting
all these supplements yourself you're investing in an all-in-one nutritional insurance so right
now it's time to reclaim your health and our immune system with convenient daily nutrition alright
it's just one scoop in a cup of water every day that's it no need for a million different
pills and supplements to look out for your health and to make it easy athletic greens is going
to give you a free one year supply of immune supporting vitamin D and five free travel packs
with your first purchase all you have to do is go to athletic greens dot com slash what's that
again that's athletic greens dot com slash what's that to take ownership over your health
and pick up the ultimate daily and nutritional insurance thanks athletic greens
bye
and we're back to the nice episode of the headgon podcast episode ninety nine it's been beautiful
yeah it's been really beautiful ninety nine and so damn fine ninety nine and so damn fine
I I I really need you guys to respond to the email that I sent about the hundredth episode
our spot don't know that I got it I'll forward it to you thank you that's friend
so it's easy to be nice to you consider your friends anyways but I thought that we could kind
of push the boundaries here a little bit who you consider just had a curiosity who do you
things doing the considering because I would say just factually we are friends that's how I felt
but now I'm feeling like you think that's the security coming out okay when you can see that
when you can see that and people like forever you say just now that's just kidding coming out
that change the whole thing for me yeah really yeah because before I was like why the fuck would
Jeff say that but now I'm kind of like oh that's why Jeff said that I thought we could be nice to
some people who it's even more difficult to be nice to great so I'm going to show a couple people
okay don't look around man I didn't know if it was there um and we'll see how
okay Dana White in a white who owns the UFC yeah um he has really created space for
men who would otherwise probably be doing something worse and I mean that
I mean not for both the fighters and the fans yeah I think the couple hours that he puts on a show
for the fans those guys would be out you know doing stuff they shouldn't yeah the fighters and the
fans all of them everyone who likes it would be doing some bad stuff to a lot of
interesting stuff probably so good good job Dana White I think he's created a lane for people who
by virtue of their line of work or just where they live have sort of tanned their skin to a hide
and he's made it's not chic but like he at least there's this celebrity that you can point to
and be like well you know at least I look like Dana White and I think if you're living in the
places that make your skin look like that you're probably a fan okay I think men fighting was
getting enough attention yeah different thing out of Baldwin it is so hard to know if a gun
is loaded and that's what I want to say to Alec it's so hard to know and that vegan woman did miss
you ultimately at the end she said Alec Baldwin is he the one that called his daughter a fat pig yep
whether we like it or not that is funny I think that he he's he's he's he's taught me
out of protect my privacy because the way that he interacts with paparato is second to none
just anger right off the bat sort of using their own words against them to justify his anger
so when somebody will come up to me and be like hey like the podcast or like the sketches you know
I'll just find a way to kind of get them out of my face and then we're just way possible but
it's only to protect my privacy which is important to me that's awesome that's awesome that's
Ellen degenerates Ellen degenerates it's not hard to be nice to her at all she legitimately
paved a massive path for queer people and that can never be taken from her and she let gay people be mean again
yeah gay people used to be mean and it was awesome and then when they said then it was like oh no
gay people are so nice and fun and then she came along and it was like wait we can be mean
oh gay people are like docile little like they like you're trying to go shopping with no gay people
away for gay people to be on daytime television she paved away for gay people to be really
unlikable yeah nightmares which is how it used to be and it was iconic yeah i say bring it back thank you Ellen
it's not fire
pretty cool I nailed that no by the way let out can't do it
no I thought his cartoonish performance in house of Gucci was legitimately transcendent it was
camp I yeah I didn't see that movie but I heard that every scene he had a different regional
telling acts yeah and it was camp yeah so all the things this picture looks like Courtney Cox
and dragging that's exactly right yeah not enough face work though I think that he she took a lot of
that down she's like stop doing a lot of it okay good for her she needed to yeah I think that
he this looks a lot like her now like really like sort of like whoa I check the thumbnail
title is Courtney Cox does drag um I think that he is he well he lives in a missile
silo and moral canyon a former military base and I think that well when you look at him that's
reads his scary I think if any one of us did that it would be awesome have you been to his place
no it's really cool what he has not been I have no there's no way I have we'll talk about
off the path I can't get too much into it but basically I think if you had you would want to get into it
I can't on the path it's I signed an NDA you signed an NDA to go to his missile site
about what happened in there okay Jared Leto has a way of looking that is so unique to him
I think 30 seconds to Mars isn't isn't a bad band I don't know even that he's in that
way Michelle Liam Michelle I don't remember why she got in so much trouble recently
and that is nice that's good for her yeah yeah it's good for her I think she can sing
pretty good can you do your best Liam Michelle no what's it
I saw that exactly like image and heat by mistake she bullied her coha stars ungly yeah they were all
kind of like she wasn't that nice to us oh because one of them no that's something else no one of
them died well the fact that I didn't well more than many of them have died the fact that one of them
died drowning yes who died drowning no yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah and then
Corey Monty yeah and then the other one well the other one I think what to present but then I thought he died
well yeah if you'd had told me that the nice episode would have been included just a retrospective
of dead Liam cast members I wouldn't I would have started with that well you started
to the truth in the nice episode yeah and they did all die and they did all die
crap Aaron Rogers Aaron Rogers boy can he throw a spiral boy he can really play the game
he can play ball and he's creative Dr Rose I can't endorse his political affiliations at this time
what about yeah I've never seen the show drifted I mean he's a gritty he's he's about his
paper he scammed he scammed his bed at the top you got to give him that that's true hey he owns more
houses than I do I'll give him that did you know how many houses he said well I don't know any so
I'm assuming he's one yeah that was it that was a long segment I think we did our best there's a
really long segment full steam ahead it's time to play one of my new favorite games
welcome to nice or nah that is nice I think so so you don't even need the
the rules of the game oh give us the rules for the listeners yeah yeah so it's based nicer
nah is basically I show a photo of a rock and you guys have to say whether it's nice G and E I S S or
nah yeah great this one the first one you said it is yeah that's gonna be absolutely correct by the way
this is for actual cash here we go again so last time we were on the pod Jeff then mode me like $1,200
and then begged for it back and I really needed money that was the biggest amount of money I'd ever
sent on the podcast and the closest I came to not getting it back you were not close to not
gonna get back I promise um that was nice that was nice nice here we go
nah that's gonna be nice it's like chlorof something nice do you remember did you guys have a
geology class and undergrad yeah where you had to do this shit yeah and you in lab genuinely
and I know I put out 35 rocks and you had to go around and be like good to name the fucking thing yeah
I couldn't believe geology classes the hardest class I took in college I couldn't believe I had a
why did they call it rocks for jox things it's supposed to be the easiest science class and it was not
it was not it's like the professor found that out what's like that my professor was obsessed
making inappropriate jokes he really wanted to be a comedian and he he they were bad like he
like he in he he also by the time I got to him had obviously gotten in trouble a lot so he would be like
he'd be like yeah what do you what do you call it like he would like make a joke about like a woman's
like breasts or something and then he'd be like he'd be like all right now if you guys didn't like that
just let me know personally and please don't go to the deed it was iconic all right you don't
I'm open to feedback he said yeah he's open in a different place about the feedback oh this is
interesting this is not nice this is nice correct this is gonna be nice oh to me this was lava
no I forget the form it's something nice I labeled these in numbered so that I would have
okay this one is not nice Caleb it's nice that one's gonna be nice are all of them nope
okay no worries this one is not correct that's gonna be shist fuck shist fuck shist fuck
shist fuck oh here we go yeah no that's gonna be a blanket it is also shist
looks like a blanket this is interesting I don't want to play anymore that's number
nice nice no no no that's my own personal I have to be nice and say how I'm feeling okay this one's nice
it's not nice yes oh here we go okay it's gorgeous that's just it's gorgeous that is
oh that's gorgeous is that we said correct here we go yeah yeah you think this is you think this
is nice no I don't but I'm thinking I'm trying to do reverse psychology on myself this is nice
that's correct that is gonna be nice and here we go that is not nice that's a diamond
in the rough I think some people would say Jeff segments go on for too long but I wouldn't I would say
I would say don't say that about my friend Jeff they go on just as long as they're supposed to
that's why I would say to anybody out there who's thinking that when I think of yeah when I think
of the games Jeff puts together I think he worked hard this is the closest we've come
to being that nice no how do you feel how do you mean feel I said you put in the work
I actually feel fine we I think we did it I think that we were you know how much time
to even have we've done minutes left yeah Jeff for me Jeff for me the first episode you guys
were on was one of my favorite of all time I'm not saying I don't like this one I just am saying
that I can't comment on it because I haven't what is your what is your guys is what is your
guys's favorite like podcast episode you've ever done that's a really good question can you think
and and no one's gonna get mad I know there's a bunch that you could pick but like what is the
one that you think of I'll say everyone gets two if you give you a minute you can say two you start
okay I will go first my my favorite keeping records I have to have one of those in there my favorite
keeping records is probably for pure chaos sake the best out in this episode because Beth gets a
fucking delivery in the middle and it's okay and she doesn't do what a normal person would do
she like it nor is the delivery until after she like takes us with her off to the bed bring
the computer so if you've never heard keeping records listen to the best telling it that's telling
great episode or a non keeping records podcast I did that I had a blast with was when I
guessed it on all fantasy everything that was a very good episode that was a super fun podcast episode
yeah you guys did diners we did uh buff build on buffet buffet yeah buffet plate was a great
one to do yeah anyway well that was to be trying to hold in a sneeze so you might want to go
okay Jeff why don't you go ahead and go I think my favorite episode of the headgon podcast
we've ever done is we did this series called the audit where we fabricated this entire back story
that I got in a big argument on a company me didn't like zoom call with a mirror and that he
wasn't speaking to me and so I thought that if I had if we audited the show on how I could be
come a better host in person that maybe he would come back to the show yeah and the first episode
was with my good friend Zack done one of the funniest people I've ever met uh great TV writer
and he shout out Zack done you got it I'm just shouting about he uh he he liked this bit where he
was like he was being the auditor and he kept like being this tertiary character and then he
would just be extra out and then he would like audited it but then he kept adding these other like even
what's the fourth version of tertiary doesn't matter pretty quiet quadratac maybe quadratac
yeah um what where there was an auditor and auditors apprentice and then he kept like we kept
rotating and it was just it was chaos and it was but it was organized chaos in the most fun way
love that um and then I'm trying to think of one that I've guessed it on um
oh actors on actors on actors, Kelly Brick means show uh Riley and I went on that and we were playing
uh brothers directors, brother directors and they were just super fun to improvise with
brother directors, brothers directors, brothers directors, brothers directors, brothers directors,
but it's John and Brian director, oh, shall we? um that's telling wood of maybe
been on my list but because you took it I'm gonna go samurai, yeah great episode, great episode,
samurai makes me laugh so hard in that episode that I'm gonna find these people alive like
almost had to like turn off the mic for a second to gather um so if you have a listen,
samurai be at um and then I'm trying to think of like a recent one that I've done that I've loved
and I'm like recently we've been doing so many together we have um and I had a lot of
fun on newcomers yes oh that was a fun one that was really fun you were very funny on that
hasn't got yet what season is it again marvel marvel what movie did you guys watch
and man I even excited for that episode the first marvel movie I think I'm seeing yes the first
one I've ever seen can we y'all do with the third yeah of course a lapka's came on review review
the day trump lost the election oh and we all pop champagne and that was super that was a
fun day yeah Caleb and I were driving back from big bear that day yeah we drew back early because
everyone was partying in the streets and then we went to the gas station oh you know we did
one on sunset no we went to Hillhurst Hillhurst gas station Hillhurst with yeah everybody was
there was a bunch of people over there you guys you you guys know Cecilia bro yes she I drove past her
just shaking her ass on a you all on top of you all yes yes Cecilia it was I it was also because I
kept seeing people I knew which I've never had that experience like you kind of see people when you're
driving sometimes this day everyone in LA was every one when you knew and everyone you knew in LA was
right where you were at yeah I saw I mean that day I must have seen we came back from a big bear
we drove immediately to the gas station on Hillhurst that it was Hillhurst and most feel it for
these the everyone was you were at what do everyone was there it's just people were honking people
were like hanging out the windows holding fucking like pride flags and she was kind of cars got
wrecked because they were dancing on top of them too hard yeah it really in there's the other
funny thing about all this is it wasn't that Joe Biden won yeah nothing was the trump loss that's
like it's you celebrate him losing you don't celebrate in auguration no we didn't sell we weren't
celebrating Joe Biden yeah we were dancing on a grave yeah thank you I've I've never been so excited
to be in standstill traffic too I didn't want to move I mean we were listening to some ultimately
Republican music I think at one point we were just listening to the star-spangled Banner
we're like fuck he's out we were like this country banks I literally woke up the next day
with like I've never had so much shame yeah I was like I was like I was like did I celebrate America
you know I think they were the if it had gone on for one more day I would have like come out
in a like an American flag out I think you like wake up from stomach sleeping and you just see like
the imprint of like blue with stars stripes like I think you know the shot the what was the cue
from who had his face painted two days away from that yeah that was another term away from
that being how I celebrated yeah I don't want this to come off any certain way and I might
edit it out if it comes up the wrong way but it's a nice episode we love that about you January 6
2021 was one of the most fun days of my life Twitter was going crazy I've never laughed harder
at my timeline I think I woke up in the middle of it I think it was going on I either I
either hadn't been online or I'd been asleep or something and I got on in the first time
I was just like a video of the Capitol burning and I was like oh that was like no way and then
I found out that we did it and I was like oh shit I thought at least some other country would have
done it I thought you meant we and I was like what do you mean we we'd be different we
enjoy for the camera yeah I was walk out drunk because we lived together this time and I was like
where are you yeah yeah my trials next week I'm really fucking scared yes it in a shadow box and
it's all for now it's a stapler well they took it as evidence but yeah yeah that's your definition
of shadow boxing it is it is yeah I saw the cross I took the roadless travel
yeah yeah I didn't wait shall I didn't wait let's end it off with goals let's
send it off on like a hopeful you know let's say aspirational note what's a goal of years
that you think is attainable and let's say the next eight weeks eight weeks
bitty bitty bitty bitty bitty hey we shall be Caleb you say we go it we go
it wants to be earnest i want to be a honest i want to be people in industry listen to this podcast
i can guarantee oh you know who listen i can't i'm gonna believe this out but uh
I'm gonna believe this out so that's about as it's gonna be never you wrapped in a week
I'll be huge, I'll be huge. I'll wrap you.
You already do.
I know. I could do more though.
All right. Do it more.
I could do more.
What's your eight week goal?
You have to be earnest.
Well, I mean, if I'm like super earnest, I'm like an hour away from selling this TV show.
I'm working on for two years. So that's what he's done.
I was earnest about the rep thing. So that has to be it.
I know that's why I gave you it.
We're talking about it. Salas are last summer.
The queer one in Kitten, Kitten City.
No, I was thinking it's Cartoon.
I was going to Cartoon. I sold that last year.
I mean, so my one that's not work one would be,
I want to sign up for Guitar Lessons.
I can teach you Guitar.
Jeff, would you actually though, I feel like we'd go for
around too much?
That might happen.
Okay, cute.
I feel like we'd just be goofing around.
Wait, that was really cute.
I'm like cute.
I'm kind of good at Guitar.
No, I know. I bought a Guitar from you.
Oh, yeah.
I forgot about that.
I know you're going to actually, I'm going to,
and that is my fourth favorite podcast episode.
It's just me re-stringing Guitar and your guys' living room.
Keeping records been Jeff, were you strongly Guitar?
I was our first guest list.
You remember?
Yeah.
And it was kind of guested.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
We had a guest.
He just wasn't on the pod.
Jeff?
Hey, we go.
I've been working on a scripted podcast for a couple of months.
And I've two more episodes to do.
And I just want to finish it.
I don't even care if anything doesn't happen with it.
I just need to finish it.
Finish it.
Let's go.
Why are we going to get cast in that scripted podcast?
Yeah.
Why are we going to actually, you're on my outline.
You guys heard it here first, folks?
You're also going to, I hopefully be in the show,
but you're not on the outline.
Tell me what that means in a nice time.
It means that the five primary characters
you don't make sense for any of them,
but I want you to be in the show.
That's awesome.
I don't know.
It's...
That's awesome.
I would love to come and be like a background character
for your scripted podcast.
Now, back from important guest role.
I love that.
That's awesome.
Think of like when like, like, Brad Pitt was on friends.
Hey, you know what?
It's more important than the friends in that episode.
That's really true.
And guess what?
You guys, I really need to get a lot of writing
done in the next couple of weeks.
And Jeff, it sounds like you do too.
And Shelby, it sounds like you do too.
Maybe we have some writing dates.
I would love to do that.
Wouldn't that be nice?
That would be a lot of fun.
Because my thing is I just get like,
I hate writing.
You know it's fun to get with a group of people
who are all working on separate things.
Yeah.
And say, well, this is my idea of fun.
I guess maybe for other people, this would be annoying.
But you said a timer.
And you're like, okay, we're going to work for 40 minutes straight.
And then when the timer goes off, we can gossip for 10 minutes.
I love that.
That's the Pomodoro method.
Well, that's a, that's like for self-pacing.
I thought that was for like a sauce.
Both.
Okay.
I cannot be nice to be worth.
That's good.
All right.
Both.
It's cool.
What do you guys have going on?
What do you want to point to people too?
The floor is yours.
Let's start with Shelby.
Listen to keeping records.
We have a podcast starring Kay Lippon myself.
We have a lot of fun on there.
And follow me on everything.
If I have a show, it'll be on there.
At my god, given handle.
Shelby, easy.
Jeff?
At Jeff Boyardy on Twitter.
I'm only going to plug that because I'm almost at 10,000.
And I really want to get to 10,000 before next week's episode.
Retweet would really mean a lot.
Don't you have 10,000 on Instagram already?
Yeah, I don't know why people care more about my fucking photos of my
active.
Thanks.
Yeah, you have the person.
The person person privilege of being better.
Big on Instagram.
I almost Instagram my actual ass.
You should have.
I know.
We can only help the brand.
Well, I don't have to see it.
If I, I mean, I guess I have to see a photo of my ass.
I'll do my plex first.
I'll do my business.
You guys come to my live shows wherever they are.
Portland Vancouver potentially Seattle coming up.
LA for sure always.
Please listen to keeping records like Shelby said.
And I'm at kill obsessed things on everything.
Get over there.
I love you so much.
You are a powerful beyond words.
And you're more, you're more capable than you ever thought possible.
You're, yeah, I want to plug something.
Plug it.
Friendship.
I want, yeah, I want to plug.
How about the concept of friendship?
How about I plug the concept of friendship?
Puzzah.
I was so confused about what I was looking at.
See that's a thing.
I showed this photo to people on this show before and they always,
you want to see my ass?
I guess people never know what they're looking at because I'm
bending in a weird way.
You're doing, I was like, I don't know where the ass is.
Yeah.
I don't know what part of the body I'm starting from.
Right.
There's no way to ground it in reality.
How many, how many game in have you showed this to?
What?
It's you.
Yeah, I think you could benefit from showing it just
Yeah, because they can help you get angles.
Yeah, if you're trying to take a really good ass pick,
who was that for?
Uh, that was honestly just for me.
Beautiful.
I love that.
Hey, let me plug the concept of doing things just for you.
Take action.
I'd like to plug taking nudes for yourself.
Yeah.
And I'd like to plug figuring out the angles a little bit.
All right, thanks so much for listening to this episode of The Have Game Podcast.
We'll see you guys in the next week.
Hey, be kind to one another.
Hey, we'll see you next week.
The three of us four are 100th episode.
100th episode.
So, jump out of stages.
That was a hit dumb original.
You